# MITFutureMakers
SureStart X MIT RAISE<br>
DAY 1: I hope to learn more about AI technology and how to apply this knowledge to help improve the lives of specific demographics of people around me. I hope that through the program, I am able to use my passion for Computer Science for societal good.<br>
DAY 2: I loved Dr. Kong's Leadership Development seminar, especially since it focused on telling our story to find something that we can lead/excel in. It had always been my dream to go to a place where I can just sit down and listen to someone tell me their life story, and through this workshop, I got to hear more about my peers' inspiring stories and connect with them. I am excited to apply Dr. Kong's challenges, choices, and outcomes storytelling framework to tell my own story!<br>
DAY 3: Today, I got to take a more hands-on approach with Machine Learning models today which was really cool. I) Supervised learning is an approach in which the program is "trained" on a predefined set of "training examples", whereas unsupervised learning is an approach where the program is given a bunch of data and must find patterns and relationships. This means that the unsupervised method is more hands-off. II) The statement "Scikit-Learn has the power to visualize data without a Graphviz, Pandas, or other data analysis libraries" is false because Scikit-Learn primarily focuses on data mining and analysis.<br>
DAY 4: I liked learning about the ethics of Machine Learning today and understanding the issues of the field. A dataset I found is the 2021 State Government Tax Dataset (https://www.census.gov/data/datasets/2020/econ/stc/2020-annual.html). This dataset includes data points that discuss the United States economy.<br>
DAY 7: I enjoyed learning about Tensorflow, Keras, and PyTorch today. I) Tensors are multi-dimensional arrays with a uniform type such as floats, integers, complex numbers, and strings. Tensors comprise of different shapes (the length of each of the axes of a tensor i.e. scalar: rank-0 tensor, vector: rank-1 tensor, matrix: rank-2 tensor, and cube of matrices: rank-3 tensor), ranks (number of tensor axes), axes/dimensions (a particular dimension of a tensor), and sizes (the total number of items in the tensor, the product shape vector). II) I noticed that the computations in the tutorial are represented in the form of various graphs (i.e. data flow).
